if you're looking to go boating on
inland waters along the coast or even
abroad Burton waters boat sales is here
to help with their own marina at Lincoln
and a base close to the sea at Ipswich
they will help you find your boat the
new or used small or large sail or power
Burton waters can also find you a berth
service or craft
and if required teach you how to sail it
and navigate at sea
Burton waters is a family business
meet Adam cops and his boat loving wife
Pippa Adams started 25 years ago
apprentice to his father today he leads
the Burton water sales team we grew to
bead sea line dealers and we've sold at
say hundreds of sea lines then
reappropriation
so we got a perfect partnership it's
always been my dream to sell princess
yachts we feel that that brand is number
one in the industry at the moment it is
an accomplishment that years and years
of hard work princess is an amazing
brand you know that your top quality top
of the market top of our game even for
clients with more modest aims Burton
waters has a large range of new and used
crafts on offer this is an excellent
example of what we have here for sale at
Burton waters marina for a first-time
buyer coming in it just under forty
thousand pounds
it's an inboard diesel boat with four
berth so great for families it's also
suitable for Cu sand inland to more this
particular about here at Burton waters
you look in about 1300 pounds for a year
if you want to take it further afield we
can organise all the transportation and
look after all your needs what we're
able to do is put a whole package
together for the boater whether it be
starting up or going all the way through
to a 15 million pound boat from Princess
so we look at looking after the people
through every step of the journey for
people that are learning or just want to
brush up on their skills we also have
access to the ry8 instructors that are
on the marinas as well that would take
you out for a day course or what
to have a fit so we're able to deliver
that kind of personal service all the
way through the staff were fantastic for
us looked after was in every detail took
us out for test drives sorted out with
the buyer very patient with us was still
fairly Newton fairly new to the game
sure those lips and downs of the
particular boat we have in and we chose
it from there but not only that the sort
of is out with a decent sized moorings
push the facilities around the marina
with the restaurants the cafes it's all
there yeah what more do you need
we didn't know anything about boats
absolutely nothing you told it was
important that the you know I developed
a trust with with the person I was
dealing with and the whole purchase has
been a pleasure
Burton waters you know checked every box
and and exceeded our expectation and
said everything
Burton waters boat sails is a main UK
dealer for Bayliner boats with a range
of day boats and sports boats from 16
feet upwards these affordable craft a
great fun and approved very popular
turning more and more people into
first-time boaters Burton waters at
Ipswich also sell used sailing yachts
with vessels that will appeal equally to
sailors seeking cruising comfort and
those seeking exhilarating performance
for all that is finest in luxury motor
yacht design Burton mortars is pleased
to represent princess yachts
we have customers who have these boats
here on these coasts they cruise down to
the Thames over the North Sea down south
coast it acts as an excellent base also
we have customers who have bought here
and they now want to try further afield
they're taking the boats to the Med and
you know we've assisted people in
getting the boats out there works really
well the Burton water service doesn't
stop with the sale of a boat we pride
ourselves in after-sales care we've got
six thousand square feet of workshop
facilities here and from that we
maintain both both here and abroad and
staff members will go all over the world
to maintain customers boats we want them
to enjoy it it's a relaxing pastime and
we hope to keep it that way
we are events all over the time with
open weekends
cruising
company newsletters keep you informed on
other things and then we have the Raa
training here customers are our number
one priority
you